[PR #2997/6419602e backport][stable-11] Updating Link in README from Relative to Absolute (#3011)
ansible-collections/amazon.aws: README.md

### Ansible version compatibility

> The collection supports ansible-core versions based on `requires_ansible` in [meta/runtime.yml](https://github.com/ansible-collections/amazon.aws/blob/main/meta/runtime.yml):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The collection supports ansible-core versions based on `requires_ansible` in [meta/runtime.yml](https://github.com/ansible-collections/amazon.aws/blob/stable-11/meta/runtime.yml):
```
